Set side of bulk actions (#5208)
filamentphp/filament: packages/admin/docs/02-resources/02-listing-records.md

}
```

> ### Aligning bulk action checkboxes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Record select checkbox position
```

> By default the checkboxes for bulk actions are aligned to the left of the table. If it is more desirable to position these at the end of the table the method `$table->selectRecordsLayout()` can be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the record select checkboxes are rendered at the start of the row. You may change the position to row end:
```
